Title: The Pig Children
Author: Tyston Bane
IsNaughty: False
Price: 580
IsUnique: False
WhenVarSet: 
Content:


[/font=2]

[/center]The Pig Children



[/font=4]

 No one, not the oldest Dark Elf of Mount Dagoth-Ur or the
Ancient Sage of Solitude, no one can recall a time when the
Orc did not ravage our fair Tamriel. Whatever foul and
pestilent daedra of Oblivion conjured them could scarcely
have created a more constant threat to the well-being of the
 civilized races of Tamriel.

 Orcs are thankfully easy to recognize from other humanoids
by their size, commonly forty pertans in height and fifteen
thousand angaids in weight, their brutal pig-like features,
and their stench. They are consistantly belligerant,
morally grotesque, intellectually moronic, and unclean. By
all rights, the civilized races of Tamriel should have been
able to purge our land of their blight eras ago, but their
ferocity, animal cunning, and curious tribal loyalty has
made them inevitable as leeches in a stagnant pool.

 Tales of orcish barbarity preceed written record. When
Jastyaga wrote of the Order of Diagna joining the armies of
Daggerfall and Sentinel "to hold the wicked orcs in their
foul Orsinium tower ... and burn all" in 1E 950, she assumed
that any reader would be aware of the savagery of the orcs.
When the siege was completed thirty years later, after the
death of many heroes including Gaiden Shinji, and the
destruction of Orsinium scattered the orc survivors
throughout the Wrothgarian Mountains, Jastyaga wrote, "the
people rejoiced for their ancient enemy was dispersed."
Obviously, the orcs had been terrorizing the region of the
Iliac Bay at least since the early years of the first era.



  









 
